Okay, great.
We're able to generate reports, but there's one other thing
we need to talk about regarding test failure.
Let's swing over here and chat about it real quick.
So remember in the previous slides I said
by default, the Maven Surefire plugin
will not generate reports if tests fail.
However, there may be scenarios where I'd like
to get the report in the event of a success or failure.
Okay, so to generate reports if tests pass or fail,
we need to add one additional configuration
and so on our pom.xml file,
we need to add this section here of "testFailureIgnore"
and set the value to true.
Okay, let's go ahead and swing into our pom.xml
and make that update.
All right, so before we make that configuration,
let's actually go in and break our codes
so we actually have a failing test, and then we can use that
for kind of verifying that we can get a report
with the failing test.
So let's move back into our project.
Let's open up our "DemoUtilsTest"
and we have some test cases in place already
and I'd like to have this testMultiply fail.
So let's go ahead
and let's modify our source code for that multiply method.
So I'll open up DemoUtils.java
and I'll move to this multiply method.
And again, we'll just kind of break it on purpose.
So it's A times B times B times B, I don't know
just doing something on purpose here,
making sure that we send back the wrong result.
And with this in place or anything similar to this
this test should fail when we actually run it.
So I'll just run it real quick in the IDE
and yes, so we do have that one test that's failing
and that's on the actual multiply test.
Okay, great.
So we did break it
it's broken as desired.
(laughs)
Pretty funny.
Now let's swing back into our Terminal window
and then
let's go ahead and run our Maven test.
So do a clean test.
So the test failed here at the command line, which is good.
Now let's move back into our browser
and let's reload our report.
And nothing's found because by default
Maven Surefire plugin does not generate reports
if tests fail.
So that's why you kind of get this file
not found or 404 issue.
Okay.
So what we'd like to do is configure this project
where it'll still generate the report
regardless if tests passed or failed.
So let's move back into our pom.xml
and let's make this one small configuration update.
So let's move up to the section here
for our Maven Surefire plugin.
And then we'll add a new configuration.
And for this item here, "testFailureIgnore"
we're going to set that value to true.
So basically this means generate reports
if test pass or fail.
And let's swing back here into our Terminal window
let's run our test one more time.
Okay, that part works.
That's where our Maven site come in.
Excellent, that's fine.
Let's come over here and reload this test report
on our browser and success!
Note, test failures are now reported, okay?
And we actually do have a report, even in event of failures.
It says how many tests that were ran,
how many failures that we had
and then they'll even give us details
on each one of the test case.
And it'll tell us,
"Hey, that testMultiply test case failed."
Then we can select that link
and kind of drill down and get more details on it.
So this is excellent.
So we're able to get unit test reports
even in event of the failure.
And we saw that additional configuration
that we needed for that.
This looks really good.
I like it.